Refactor remove go core flag by cobra (#70)
friendsofgo/killgrave: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## v0.5.0 (TBD)

> * Remove of use of `go flags` by `cobra`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Replace the use of `go flags` by `cobra`
```
